{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 SFCompactDisplay-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red9\green80\blue208;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
This dictionary was created by Thai Royal Institution. For more information please visits: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://rirs3.royin.go.th/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://rirs3.royin.go.th/}}\cf2 \ul \ulc2 \
\
\cf0 \ulnone This dictionary was created by JTDIct (Paitoon Sae Tung). For more information please visits: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.jtdic.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.jtdic.com/}}\cf2 \ul \ulc2 \
\
\cf0 \ulnone Lexitron dictionary was created by NECTEC, Thailand\'92s national technology agency. For more information please visits: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nectec.or.th"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.nectec.or.th}}\cf2 \ul \ulc2 \
\
\cf0 \ulnone This dictionary was created by Korean-Thai Organization. For more information please visits: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://sites.google.com/site/thaidictproject/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://sites.google.com/site/thaidictproject/}}\cf2 \ul \ulc2 \
\
\cf0 \ulnone This dictionary was created by Dic2U. For more informations please visits:  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dict2u.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://dict2u.com}}\cf2 \ul \ulc2 \
\
\cf0 \ulnone This dictionary was created by German-Thai Organization. For more information please visits: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.german-thai.org"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.german-thai.org}}\cf2 \ul \ulc2 \
\
\cf0 \ulnone This dictionary was created by ThaiDictProject. For more informations please visits: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://sites.google.com/site/thaidictproject/o-transkripcii"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://sites.google.com/site/thaidictproject/o-transkripcii}}\cf2 \ul \ulc2 \
\
\cf0 \ulnone This dictionary was created by Charles Degnau. For more information please visits: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.francais-thai.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.francais-thai.com/}}}